On this card I was tempted to chose somebody stupid with really low IQ whose actions are putting his closest environment in danger
but because all the saga is carrying the name of Harry Potter I was forced to focus on something else than low IQ as the lack of the abilities of critical thinking and inability to face the consequences of own decisions.

If we will increase the scope of the search by those qualities we can get a couple of other candidates like Draco Malfoy who was living his life by all the benefits of being the son of important death eater and prominent official in Ministry of Magic, pure-blood wizard but despite all of this - occurred to be a coward whose confidence was only a show which he didn't finally bought by himself.

I also thought about Fred and George Weasley because they're stupid. Only things they think about are pranks and fun - Fool is the card of chaos so they seemed to fit perfectly.
But i decided to not be lazy and to make this card a really serious card looking at which can teach you something. 

I found even better character giving the other aspect of this card, not only mindless joy and fun but consequences - chaos and destruction. 
The Marauders - the founders of the Marauder's map (probably only 1 single good thing this 4 ever did in their lifes), in the school - popular and cool prankers which were using their talents to terrorize the others and raised by that a legion of revenge-hungry soldiers of Voldemort - confirming in their minds that Muggles, Mudbloods, and all manner of half-breeds are subhumans who must be destroyed - They caused that future Death Eaters were volunteering for Voldemort's service themselves, sincerely believing in the righteousness of his mission.
All bad events like Snape joining Voldemort and all its consequences are the James Potter and his friends merit.

I intended to put all of Marauders for the illustration, unfortunately my computer wasn't able to process such amount of stupidity for a single photo. It had dificulties even with Harry Potter's father alone. 